# 1. integrated writing
## 1.1. tpo-45
In the lecture, the professor casts doubt on the reading passage's idea that bees cannot exist as early as 200 million years ago. The professor asserts that the three skeptics from the passage are less convincing.  
Firstly, the passage claims that the earliest bee fossil dates back to 100 million years ago. However, the professor disputes this theory, stating that there is no denying that a bee fossil must be formed with a special liquid, which is generated by a tree. Given that the tree was especially rare 200 million years ago, the body of the bee could not be preserved at that time.  
Additionally, the author of the passage points out that it is widely acknowledged that there were no flowering plants 200 million years ago. Nonetheless, the professor counters this by pointing out that bees could be fed by other plants, like a fern, and they developed the new relationship with flowers after flowering plants appeared.  
Finally, the lecturer challenges the reading passage's claim that the structures of bee nest chambers do not have some of the essential details. On the contrary, the professor contends that the waterproof chemical which was used to construct the chamber is the same as the material used by modern bees to resist water.
- 写动词看一下单复数
- occur - appear(物种出现)
- **the** same as
- was from xx years ago / dates back to xx years ago
- some of **the** ...
## 1.2. tpo-54
In the lecture, the professor casts doubt on the reading passage's idea that there are three ways to resolve the over salinity of the Salton Sea. The professor asserts that each of these methods has significant drawbacks that make it unrealistic to save the lake.  

Firstly, the passage claims that by using facilities to move and evaporate the water, the salt can be removed easily from the lake. However, the professor disputes this theory, stating that because some toxic chemical materials mixed with the salt left behind will dissipate into the air, it can cause serious health issues when people breathe in them.  

Additionally, the author of the passage points out that the water from the Pacific Ocean, which is less salty than that of the lake, can be delivered to dilute the lake's saltiness. Nonetheless, the professor counters this by pointing that due to the long distance of the ocean (100km away), the government does not have sufficient resources to construct pipelines or canals to deliver the water from the Pacific Ocean.  

Lastly, the lecturer challenges the reading passage's claim that the salinity can be reduced by building walls to divide the lake. On the contrary, the professor contends that this method cannot be used in the long-term. Given that strong geological events in this area occur frequently, walls will be broken down, which literally means that the water in the dividing area will flow back into the main section of the lake.
- does-did
- the water from the Pacific Ocean, which is less salty than **that of** the lake
- in the long-term

# 2. academic writing
## 2.1. class 8
In my opinion, it is essential for universities to invest more money in sports and athletic programs. This viewpoint aligns with Mike's arguments that given that the library can enhance  collaboration among the campus community, investing money on this type of facility is more beneficial. I would further argue that spending more money will be good for both mental and physical health of students. To be more specific, owning to the need for teamwork and the strong body, sports can cultivate the the problem solving abilities. On the one hand, students can alleviate the stress of massive school assignments by engaging in sports activities. On the other hand, it is also an excellent way to increase the physical strength of the students. For example, my cousin Jack was a tall and thin boy who always got ill. However, he built strong muscle**s** after joining a school football team. Had it not been for the funding of his university, there would not have been an opportunity for him to change himself. To conclude, there is no denying that universities should spend more money on sports.
- invest money **in**
- enhance collaboration among
- this type facility（单数）
- be more beneficial
- health(n.) / healthy(adj.)
- **owing** to
- by engaging in / by participating in\
- 元音用 an
- ~~the~~ collaboration

## 2.2. after-class 1
In my opinion, the overhype of tech devices might be the biggest mistake people make when choosing brands of tech products. To be more specific, it is widely acknowledged that abundant fancy advertisements will appear when searching for information about tech devices. Therefore, we need to distinguish diverse advertisements from different brands. Owing to the overhype of these brands, individuals tend to be confused by them. For example, my cousin Jack bought a mobile phone last summer. Given that many brands delivered varied advertisements on the shopping application, he could not tell the differences between these phones. Consequently, he bought a phone that was far away from his expectation. To conclude, the overhype of tech products must be the major reason, which leads people to make biggest mistake when picking their favorite devices.
- search for
- this / these

## 2.3. after-class 2
In my opinion, it is essential that working while studying can bring more benefits for students. This viewpoint aligns with Mike's argument that this study mode can combine knowledge learned from classes with the actual working environment. Furthermore, I would argue that there is no denying that this way of study can alleviate the financial burden of poor families. To be more specific, owing to expensive tuition fees of universities, poor family has difficult letting their children have excellent education. However, students can make some money from working and finance themselves. In this way, students can acquire more wonderful education. For example, my cousin Jack, an excellent student, who had financial trouble when going to university. Nonetheless, he went to Harvard by working in a technology company near his college. Had it not been for his part-time job, he would not have finished his education at such an amazing college.
- 拼写：aligns / argument / wonderful
- more benefit**s**
- have difficult doing sth.
- tuition fees of universities
- let sb. do sth.